docs: add information on using a custom regexp in `definePageMeta` (#25073)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.api/3.utils/define-page-meta.md

  - **Type**: `string`

>     You may define a [path matcher](#using-an-advanced-path-matcher), if you have a more complex pattern than can be expressed with the file name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You may define a [custom regular expression](#using-a-custom-regular-expression), if you have a more complex pattern than can be expressed with the file name.
```

</script>
```

> ### Using an advanced path matcher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using a Custom Regular Expression
```

> A path matcher is a good way to resolve conflicts between overlapping routes, for instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A custom regular expression is a good way to resolve conflicts between overlapping routes, for instance:
```

The two routes "/test-category" and "/1234-post" match both `[postId]-[postSlug].vue` and `[categorySlug].vue` page routes.

> In order to make sure that we are only matching digits (`\d+`) for `postId` in the `[postId]-[postSlug]` route, we can add the following to the `[postId]-[postSlug].vue` page template:

Reviewer 2: more concise/less wordy
```suggestion
To make sure that we are only matching digits (`\d+`) for `postId` in the `[postId]-[postSlug]` route, we can add the following to the `[postId]-[postSlug].vue` page template:
```
